{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0  
\f1\fs36 Terms:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs28 Full Stack: Start with server, next level is database. It goes all the way up to UI.\
\
System Building: Breaking things(Problems) down into their components. What does each component do. Are you thinking of them as procedures, or objects? Need to hold together well, to achieve whole structure.\
\

\fs36 Four Questions about components(Answer these well to be a good object oriented designer)
\fs28 :\
\
Conceptual level:\
1) What is \'93component\'94 responsible for?\
\
Specification level(interface or services):\
2) What questions must this \'93component\'94 answer?\
3) What commands must this \'93component\'94 execute?\
\
Implementation level:\
4) What information does this \'93component\'94 manage?\
4.1) And how does it get it?\
\

\fs36 Deck of cards
\fs28 :\
\
1) Each card is responsible for holding information. Deck level, shuffle, deal, cards left. Deck hold list of cards(unordered or ordered).\
\
2) What number is shown on the card, what suit is shown on the card, what color is on the card. Deck must answer. How many cards left? Am I ordered? What is my top card? What is my bottom card? Am I facing up or down?\
\
3) Face up, face down.\
\
4) It manages three pieces of information. Number(2-10, J, Q, K, A), Suit(Spades, Clubs, Diamonds, Hearts), Color(Red, Black).\
4.1) Printed on it. Someone draws it on.\
\

\fs36 Expert Solution
\fs28 :\
\
Take a minimalist approach.\
1) Managing a collection of cards that don\'92t belong to a player. (Responsibilities should be concise)\
2) What is the top card. Are there any cards left?\
3) Shuffle. Deal(to someone?).\
4) The cards that have not been dealt(and their order.)\
If you spend too much time on this, you won\'92t get anything done.\
Don\'92t be too clever.\
\

\fs36 Play Jeopardy:\

\fs28 Holding group of cards? What is a deck of cards responsible for.\
Are you shuffled? What questions must the deck answer?\
\

\fs36 Working with Questions:
\fs28 \
\
Talk with others, confirm ideas or get new ones.\
Look at an experts solution. Who is this?\
Play jeopardy with your answers.\
\
Simple Programs\
\
1) One file.\
\
2) Not that long.\
\
3) Pretty simple to test/verify\
	a) Run it\'85 see if the compiler/interpreter says it is syntactically valid.\
	\
	b) See if it gets the results you wanted with the given input.\
\
Most Applications are a System of Objects.\
\
0.5) Red, Green, Refactor.\
\
1) Make it Run.\
	a) Organization of objects that together can respond competently to set of stimuli\
	\
	b) This organization must be trustworthy enough to meet the important goals(tests).\
\
2) Make it Right.\
	a) They Should be focused enough to make sure they don\'92t undermine goals of the system and.. \
\
3) Make it Fast(if not fast enough).\

\fs36 \
Sending Messages:\
\

\fs28 1) Messages to receivers\'85 receivers are objects\
	a) receivers have names(or identifiers)\
		1) could have different names in different contexts\
	b) Could send a message to yourself (first person)\
2) Messages can return answers\
\
3) Messages have names and O-N parameters\
\

\fs36 Playing Card:\
\

\fs28 Assume YAGNI(You aren\'92t going to need it).\

\fs36 \

\fs28 1) It is responsible for defining a playing card.\
\
2) What rank? What suit?\
\
3) None.\
\
4) Rank, Suit.}